My mom is from ya Good evening I have two children in the 13th year of marriage
After getting married, I 've entered the family and worked hard to do housework parenting now I am thinking about divorce
I will
I'm going have supported the family give up the work that I wanted to own but my husband is my bread late
I do I think that it seems a full-fledged affair, which was not too much to the other party
It seems like there was something fun with women and problems and it's hard to say work when it's hard to bring up children
As
What kind of husband who came
I can not forgive the master who has cheated by saying work when childcare is also hard
I'm more than my husband, and I've got a hard time constantly fighting each other over the past year
I wish I could divorce
I can not prepare for my future life and I can not feel sorry
Why world man
You can not Congress or to the cherished certain why the responsibility of you will or can not marry a wife and
If you want to play, I think it 's good to live alone
I said that I do not understand even if I ask the principle
Yara says that marriage is training, but I think people can be happy after all
Good news from each other
I wanted to be a married couple I wanted to live my life
I hate male-specific selfishness Please tell us your opinion of Ehara as a male
I say why Nante I think I kinda's micky Mom difficult kana with that
After all I think people should be happy
I say that I said that practice but I must say one word that I must be happy
It 's a very interesting type of person
Sister of this show
I Tteyuu Are you you want crampons whether or love to be in the book
It is strongly still kind is referred to as a friend is just because it's the law of wavelength
Why do you think that my husband is also of course bad?
I always expect specific words
For example, thank you or always I'm sorry I do not have such words and it seems like no good
you know
Even if you don't say which man a man bought, you know and invite him
After that I will pretend not to hear that the woman's person says that it is hard work
Kode Hey, I want you to think of men and women
Even though it is different, there will still be no consideration for this one another
After all
It's not that I'm not accustomed aside, but hey my husband's
It may be a great job, even with viber
After all, things like each other's kindness and rules
But I think that it is necessary
I have a great conversation with Mr. Yoshida
Oh dear
I'm'll listen to channel the story I I When I go back Eee
Such Datte a way, I that I'd say wow I field
The carefree absolutely denied is to say I want to do something other party because because there is also a Terutoko
Absent
It is brought doing fit or want to do that you have gone after all Anokou because Lou
site
I think I think what is that compassion still such a thing I say
Then there is something that you do n't like
I think you should be happy with